Core update page for 8.1 (#1590)
PrestaShop/docs: themes/getting-started/theme-yml.md

        order-confirmation: layout-left-side-column
```

> #### Disable `core.js` loading on custom theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Disable  loading of `core.js` file in your custom theme
```

> #### Disable  loading of `core.js` file in your custom theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Disable loading of `core.js` file in your custom theme
```

> It may be needed to disable `core.js` loading and provide a custom implementation of whole logic initally contained in `core.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable `core.js` loading and provide a custom implementation of the whole logic initially contained in `core.js`.
```
